Nanodet C API. Onnx and Libtorch (JIT) modules implementations and Libtorch Installation. (#352)
opendr-eu/opendr: src/c_api/README.md

## Description

This module contains a C API that can be used for performing inference on models trained using the Python API of OpenDR.

> Therefore, to use the C API you should first use the Python API to train a model and then export it to ONNX or Jit format using the `optimize()` method.

Reviewer: Original wording suggests that you can only export your own trained models. I think that the most usual use case would be to do it with an OpenDR pretrained model.

```suggestion
Therefore, to use the C API you should first use the Python API to export a pretrained or a newly trained model and export it to ONNX or JIT format using the `optimize()` method.
```
